level 9
FOR6 The Seven Sisters p102
Juggernaut
(Evocation)
Range: 10 feet/level
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 round/level
Casting Time: 9
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw: None
This spell calls into being a large, mobile humanoid
form similar to a featureless, genderless, naked
human. The form seems to rise up out of the ground in
front of the caster, facing away from its creator. Despite
the spell name, it is not a juggernaut golem.
The juggernaut can be up to 100 feet in height, with a
reach of up to 80 feet. It is AC -2, has MV 6, has 99 hp,
and attacks targets (chosen by silent will of the caster)
with its fists. It can strike once with each fist in a round,
with a THAC0 two points better than its creator. (In
other words, if its caster has a THAC0 of 14, the juggernaut
strikes at THAC0 12.) It deals 8d8 points of damage
per successful blow. It can grasp and carry items,
including foes. It inflicts 6d8 points of damage with its
grab, plus constricting damage of 5d8 points per round
thereafter until the victim makes successful Dexterity,
Constitution, and Strength ability checks all in the same
round. (Check all three each round.)
A fall from a juggernaut’s hand results in normal
falling damage of 1d6 points per 10 feet fallen. A being
thrown by a juggernaut suffers double falling damage
on impact and receives no saving throw (unless the
thrown being can fly or use magic to slow his or her
flight)! A juggernaut cannot wield magic, even wands
or worn items such as magical rings, and the caster
cannot east spells through its body.
A juggernaut looks like a bald-headed human with
no recognizable features except a mouth. It seems to be
made of the same substance as the ground it appears
from, although it is in actuality purely a spell manifestation.
It can roar out a word or a phrase of up to six
words that are whispered by the caster during the
spell’s casting, as often as desired. These words cannot
be a spell incantation, and they do not issue forth if
they are words that trigger or activate any magic.
A juggernaut within 60 feet of its caster draws into
itself all magical attacks specifically meant for the
caster, such as magic missiles, feeblemind spells, and so
on. The spell effects are then visited on the juggernaut,
not the caster. Spells that normally rebound from solid
forms or burst, such as fireball and lightning bolt, are
drawn into the juggernaut’s body so that they do no
harm to the surroundings.
When the spell expires or the juggernaut is destroyed
by accrued damage, it simply fades away.
The material components of this spell are a ball of
clay that fills the caster’s palm, a bit of string, wire,
or natural fiber, and a gem of any type worth at least
500 gp.
